[RNA Transcription & Atbash Cipher]: Approaches Cleanup (#4191)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/rna-transcription/.approaches/dictionary-join/content.md

In the `to_rna()` function, the [`join()`][join] method is called on an empty string,
and is passed the list created from a [generator expression][generator-expression].

> The generator expression iterates over each character in the input,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generator expression iterates over each code point in the input,
```
